Preparation for HACS and basic documentation (#3)
TermeHansen/home-assistant-drtv-play: README.md

[![unit testing in python](https://github.com/TermeHansen/home-assistant-drtv-play/actions/workflows/python-package-conda.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/TermeHansen/home-assistant-drtv-play/actions/workflows/python-package-conda.yml)

# Home Assistant DRTV Play

Play DRTV videos and channels via Home Assistant

## Available actions

### Play Latest

> Play the latest video or clip from a specific program. You can search by entering a string (eg. "gurli"), or by writing the path (eg. /alene-i-vildmarken) or id (integer, eg. 69758) from the url. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Play the latest episode from a specific show. You can search by entering any string (eg. "gurli"), or by writing the ending path from https://www.dr.dk/drtv/ (eg. "/serie/alene-i-vildmarken_69758", it should start with '/') or id (integer, eg. 69758) from the url. 
```

```yaml
- service: drtv_play.play_latest
  entity_id: media_player.living_room_tv
  data:
    program_name: gurli
```

### Play Channel

> Play one of the DRTV channels. Available channels are DR 1, DR 2, DRTV, DRTV Ekstra and DR Ramasjang.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Play one of the DRTV channels. Available channels are DR1, DR2, DRTV, DRTV Ekstra and DR Ramasjang.
```

# Home Assistant DRTV Play

Play DRTV videos and channels via Home Assistant

## Available actions

### Play Latest

> Play the latest video or clip from a specific program. There exists two options to exclude or include videos matching specific categories.

Reviewer: there is no excluding or categories here. But maybe a line on either general search or path (starting with ´/' or id (being an integer)

```yaml
- service: drtv_play.play_latest
  entity_id: media_player.living_room_tv
  data:
    program_name: gurli

>     subtitles: false # Optional, default is false

Reviewer: subtitles is on play_channel only (subtitles are part of the hls video stream),

```

### Play Channel
Play one of the svt channels.
```yaml
- service: drtv_play.play_channel
  entity_id: media_player.living_room_tv
  data:

>     channel: dr2 # Available channels: dr1, dr2, drtv, drtv ekstra, dr ramasjang

Reviewer: missing subtitles here
